Hi there.
Welcome to How to Sell and Scale your course
or program on autopilot every single day
without the chaos of live launching
or the low conversions of Evergreen.
Now, I know that is a big promise,
but I can tell you that it is absolutely true.
It works for me every single day
and it works for my students as well
and it can work for you.
But more on that in just a second.
Now, I hate it when I log into trainings
and they take forever with the small talk or the intro.
So we're gonna get right down to it. Grab a pen for notes.
You're gonna wanna take them, uh,
turn off your notifications and let's go.
Or if you're making dinner
or folding laundry while you watch this, just be ready
to hit pause so you can take notes.
And of course, don't try listening to this on silent.
You will miss too much.
Just a reminder too, that you have a limited amount of time
to watch this training.
I'll send you a few reminders,
but let's face it, time whizzes by extra fast
for us business owners.
And I'm also going to briefly switch around my camera
and let you see me for a sec.
Okay, so there you can see me, you can see
that I am a real person.
Um, and I even turned off my echo masking so you can hear
that I really need a bigger rug in this room
and that might not even fix it.
High ceilings are so wonderful
and a little bit of a pain when you're recording.
But anyway, um, I'm a real person.
Uh, our students are real people.
My company is real
and I just wanted to give you a chance to, to see that.
But, um, we'll go back to the regular presentation
'cause I don't wanna distract you while you're trying
to learn 'cause we have a lot
of stuff they're going through.
And I also don't really love being on camera
for extended periods of time.
Uh, so I'm gonna go ahead and
switch that back and we can dig in.
Great. Okay, now very quickly,
let's just make sure you're in the right place.
This is for you if you have created a course or a membership
or a program or a product, and you are struggling.
You're either struggling with the chaos
and risk of trying
to make your entire year's revenue in just a few launches a
year, or you're struggling with trying
to create consistent income with the latest.
Everybody's doing it tactics like challenges or bootcamps
or SLOs or any of that.
Or you're struggling
because you've tried to evergreen your offering
and crickets only a couple of people are buying
and you need a whole lot more than that
to keep your lights on and pay your mortgage, right?
Believe me, I know I have been in all of those places
and if any of this sounds like you, that struggle is not
your fault.
There is a lot of bad information out there
and a lot of people who make it look like they're successful
and selling like crazy when they're not.
Believe me, I know people
who know it's really going on in people's businesses
and it is very easy to look successful on Instagram
with nice pictures in a cool color palette.
But back to that bad information, I mean,
you've probably heard that you have to live launch
to be successful and that's what the really big famous
business coach people do.
So that must be right, right?
Except that when you're not one of those three
or four big name industry giants
and people find out that they have to wait four, five,
or six months for your offer, what do you think they do?
They go and buy from your competitor?
I mean, doesn't your competition make you worried?
Think about it. If you are searching
for a Pinterest ads course, it's not
because you want it in three months.
It's because you want it now
and you have a very valid reason to be worried.
If you won't sell people what they want, when they want it,
they're going to buy from someone else.
Now, okay, I'm going to dig into all
of this more in just a little bit.
And of course, how to sell
to people without making them wait,
but also without making your offer available
for purchase anytime and watching your conversions tank.
So instead of low conversions
and low income, instead of chaotic, stressful live launches,
not to mention risking your entire income on picking two
or three lucky weeks out of the year, we're going
to get you into a very different place in your business
and you are going to be able to stop constantly floundering
or flailing to try the next new tactic.
Trying to guess at which one will be the magic solution.
Is it DM selling? Is it five day challenges? Is it SLOs?
Is it you get the point? Here's where we're gonna get you.
You are going to get to experience the excitement, the joy,
and yes, let's be honest, the relief of selling your course
or your product or your offer automatically,
multiple times each day, giving you
reliable income, validation of your business and the time
and energy to help your paid clients change their lives.
Plus, you are not going to lose out on any
of the excitement in your audience
or the valuable genuine relationship building with them.
You get all of it. Okay?
So very quickly, who am I?
How do I know what I'm talking about?
How dare I say these things about live launching
or other pillars of online marketing?
So, hi, my name is Nikki Rasik and I am a lazy entrepreneur.
Well, okay, not lazy in every way.
I mean, I have worked hard to make our products
and courses excellent
and crazy effective for all of our students,
and I've been doing that for a decade.
But here's the thing.
When other digital business owners would talk about their
free Facebook groups or their challenges
or working 80 hours a week for their launches,
I would quietly exit the conversation.
Frankly, I didn't want any of that.
I didn't want to have to put all kinds of time
and energy into people who hadn't paid me anything.
I didn't want to have to constantly be coming up
with new content and programs for them.
I didn't want to gamble my finances on one
or two chaotic, stressful weeks a year.
And don't get me wrong, I did try all of that for a while.
I started my first brand in 2012, of course, to teach people
to become professional copywriters.
And because I was an adorable little baby entrepreneur,
I thought that because I had created a great program,
people would buy it so adorable.
Obviously that did not happen,
or at least it, it didn't happen enough.
It was, it is a great course and the people that did
and do buy it were massively successful
and created thriving copywriting careers for themselves.
So awesome check mark there,
but people weren't buying it consistently.
So from about 2012 to 2018, yep,
six years, I tried all of the things, I changed the pricing,
I changed how I sold it.
I tried live launching,
I tried Evergreen, I made it a membership.
I switched back from a membership, all of the things.
And throughout all of this flailing, I was frustrated
and frankly going pretty deeply into debt.
I got up to $55,000 in consumer credit card debt trying
to build that brand.
And I have never even told my own mother that number.
I just, I knew that my course for aspiring copywriters was
so valuable and so needed,
and I wanted all of that marketing and selling to be easier.
I knew there had to be an easier way.
I wanted to be able to serve up my best messaging
and content to my target audience once I wanted
to capitalize on when people were most excited
about what I had to offer.
I wanted to support people in their interest in purchasing,
not penalize them or force them to conform to my schedule.
I wanted people to be excited about their purchase
and feel good about making it.
And yes, we regularly get people thanking
us for selling to them.
So toward the end of 2018,
I had a breakthrough
and I finally took my business seriously.
I dialed in on what I knew worked.
I took a totally different approach
to my messaging than anything I'd seen before
or since, frankly.
And most importantly, I focused on tactics
that put my audience's needs and wants first.
And how did this turn out for me?
Well, in 2018,
I made $40,562,
which was the most I had ever made in my business thus far.
In 2019,
I made $268,194.
Pretty great little jump,
but then in 2020 I made
$1,659,824
I 40 Xed my business, increased my revenue 40 times over
in just a little over two years.
And of course we have continued growing from there,
but our goal isn't two 40 x every two years anymore.
But that's not the point.
The point is that this system that I've created,
what I now call the circuit sales system,
took a solid effective course from making 40,000 a year
to making 1.6 million a year.
And now beyond that,
and my question to you is,
what would 40 xing your current revenue look like?
Now, of course, as LaVar Burton would say,
you don't just have to take my word for it.
Um, I really debated leaving that in the script,
but thinking about reading Rainbow just makes me happy.
And if you didn't catch the reference,
you know, go look it up.
But anyway, I just wanna very quickly share with you
what one of our circuit sales system students had to say.
Okay, so first of all, since I have turned my circuit on,
I have made a sale every single day.
And not only that, I more than doubled the price
of my program implementing the circuit
because one of the things the circuit really made me realize
just because it's so, if you just follow exactly
what the circuit sales system tells you to do, then it's,
it makes you aware of everything you are doing
and everything you do have to offer.
It made me so clear and aware of the value of my program
that I couldn't even believe what I was charging
for in the past, that I had hard, a hard time selling,
but there it was almost impossible for me
to continue selling it at that price
after going through the circuit,
getting clear on my messaging,
seeing all the different things
that the my members would get.
So I more than doubled the
price when I implemented the circuit.
And so now it's like selling as I sleep,
it's selling on vacation.
I'm not doing live anymore.
I am, it, it's just, it's literally changed my life.
But more importantly, it's changing the lives of
so many caregivers who are now finding me,
who are now learning from me
and who are now sending me emails every single day that,
oh my gosh, I am so grateful.
I can't believe that this thing exists.
Um, thank you so much. They're literally thanking me now.
So I am not only making more money than I have ever made in
my entire life, I am now making a bigger impact,
which is the whole reason why I started
this whole thing in the first place.
So, uh, I'm just so grateful for it.
Mm-Hmm, that's fantastic. Yeah.
So you, you, um, you send me updates every once in a while.
I, my favorite one that came through was like, I made
40 Sales in the last three days.
Yes. I'm trying to think, uh, my highest sales day,
it was, I wanna say it was like 18 sales in a day.
Yeah. Uh, I have not made less than one sale a
day since turning it on.
And so, um, yeah, anywhere from one to 18 sales a day.
I'm averaging 34 sales a week since I have turned it on.
Mm-Hmm. That's fantastic. Yeah.
And then extrapolating out from that,
this should be your first seven figure year.
Yes, absolutely. I don't see any reason why it would not
meet a seven figure funnel based on tracking so far.
So I'm very excited about that.
Congratulations. That's huge. Excited. That's amazing.
Yes. That's amazing. Yeah.
Last year my highest grossing month was just barely
$40,000 and doing all kinds of work.
Wow. And now this past month I made over $70,000
with it feels like less than half
of the work that I did before.
Incredible. It's the autopilot
that's just life changing for me. Mm-Hmm.
Yeah. This is gonna be like the, the huge thing,
like this circuit sales system is just like, it's gonna,
like everybody needs it.
Oh, you're so sweet. Thank
You. I'm not sweet. I'm
just saying like if's like money.
You should get the circuit sales system
Like having a life too while you get money.
Right. Money and a life actually enjoy
life while you make money.
It's a novel concept for a lot of entrepreneurs.
Pretty cool, right?
And you'll hear more from her and others in a bit. Okay.
Enough intro, let's dig into this.
We've got a lot to cover
and we're going to go fast to get it all in.
So there is no time to waste.
Here's what you're going to learn.
Secret number one, how to generate all of the excitement
and high conversions
of live launching without live launching.
Secret number two, the simple way to know exactly
when people are ready to buy.
Secret number three, how
to sell like crazy without giving away your best content
or your time and energy to non purchasers.
Sounds pretty good, right?
Well, I can tell you in full honesty that it's not just good
to run your business like that.
It's awesome. So secret number one, how
to generate all of the excitement
and high conversions of live launching
without live launching.
Look, I get it.
Some very big names are all about live launching.
They tell you it's what you have to do.
And again, when you are one of those three
or four big names, you can afford
to make your audience wait six months or a year to purchase.
Must be nice though.
Just as a quick aside,
I've seen more than a few emails saying basically, surprise,
we closed enrollment,
but we've decided to open it up again
for just two more days.
And guess what? You don't reopen enrollment
out of the goodness of your heart.
You do it when you didn't hit your sales numbers. Live.
Launching is like going into a casino, heading over
to a roulette table, putting all
of your revenue on a random square
and then crossing your fingers that you'll win.
I know a lot of business owners who learn the hard way
that banking on one or two random weeks a year is dangerous.
When we live in an unpredictable world
and important economic or social issues can suddenly pop up
and take over people's attention
and their wallets also stress.
God, I can't imagine how stressful it is
to run a business like that.
Gambling your revenue on two weeks.
That makes me wanna curl into a fetal position
just thinking about it.
And here's the thing, you can still generate
that same amount of excitement and anticipation
and desire to purchase in your audience without making them
wait for your live launches and do it automatically.
It's the difference between saying to your audience,
I'm going to throw all of you a party at the same time.
It's gonna be in four months from now on these exact dates,
and you have to wait for it.
And then you have to be there
to attend if you want your gifts versus saying to them,
I'm gonna throw each one of you a party,
and you get to have all of that fun
and get all of your gifts when you want it.
Which do you think your audience would want
their own party on their schedule, right?
We are doing a major disservice to our audience
by forcing them to wait for when the time is right
for us instead of giving them
what they want when they want it.
If Cassie wants to purchase your solution today,
if she needs your solution today,
why are you making her wait three months
until it's convenient for you to sell it to her?
And let's get very clear.
Emails are emails whether they're scheduled in advance
or sent that day.
Retargeting ads if you choose to use them,
don't need a live launch to work.
And yes, despite what they tell you, a recorded video
of you can be just as effective as a live one.
In fact, it can be more effective when you let people
consume it at a time that's convenient for them.
Why are we penalizing the people we want to buy from us
for not being able to attend our webinars?
It's crazy. Oops, you miss the live webinar.
Better luck next time. What?
They wanted to watch it
and then something came up because life happens.
So now we're blowing them off.
And don't even get me started on those.
Oh wow, you're
so lucky you could actually watch this webinar right now.
Aside from being sleazy
and disingenuous, how often do you happen
to have a free hour at that exact moment
that you opted in to watch a webinar?
And if you think I'm going to tell you
that going evergreen is the solution,
I have a fun surprise for you.
I'm really, really not.
Now, some people define evergreen
as just always making your offer available for purchase.
Just throw it up on your website
and let people buy whenever.
Except guess what?
People aren't compelled
to buy when they can just get something.
Whenever people are spurred
to action when they have a deadline, there's a very clear
strategic reason why sales and promotions have end dates.
People don't bother to make a decision until they have to.
And by the way, that's a good thing.
People who need to take action
to make an important decision in their lives
will still wait indefinitely if they have all the time in
the world by giving them a deadline,
we're doing them a favor by making them make a decision.
And then there are people who define evergreen
as getting people to opt into an automated email funnel
and then trying to sell the offer there.
Yawn, no kidding,
people say Evergreen has low conversion rates.
It's because those evergreen funnels are boring.
And here's another thing too.
If your automation isn't working, it's not the fact
that the emails are automated, it's the fact
that the messaging isn't what it needs to be.
Plus you give these people one automated chance to buy,
and then just nothing more,
you've got these people on your list that you hope will just
someday, somehow buy something else.
Are you seeing how absurd all of this is?
Instead, here's what you're going to do.
You are going to mimic all of the excitement
of live launching by taking the key elements of live,
launching videos, emails, retargeting ads if you want them,
even challenges and events,
and automating them with compelling messaging
that is lined up with when people want to buy.
And that's why the circuit sales system isn't just about the
framework, which is incredibly effective
and unlike anything else anyone is doing,
but it's also about the messaging we dig deep into
what you really need to say to your audience
and exactly how to say it,
and in which order to drive them to take action.
Um, did I mention actually, I mean I, I know that I haven't,
uh, that I've also been a copywriter for 20 years writing
for not just small businesses and solopreneurs,
but also clients including Adidas, Reebok, TripAdvisor,
Hasbro, Barnes Noble, and Keurig.
Believe me, even if you've struggled with messaging
or told yourself that you're not a writer,
this system breaks it down into easy to master, itty bitty,
crazy compelling pieces.
And if you're saying to yourself, yeah,
but I'm a terrible writer, great news,
no one is born knowing how
to write effective marketing copy, even the best,
most effective copywriters in the world started out not
knowing anything about it.
So if that's where you are, great news,
you are in good company.
But the truth is that the principles can be taught
and more importantly learned.
It's just a matter of following the steps.
And if you've struggled before, it's only
because no one has given you the right steps yet.
Now, we were just talking about timing,
and that is a perfect segue into secret number two,
the simple way to know exactly when people are ready to buy.
Now, there is a metaphor that digital marketing gurus love
to pull out, and you, you've probably heard it.
They say that asking people to buy your course
or your program or your product right away is like walking
up to someone in a bar and saying, Hey, you're cute.
Wanna get married? And then they say that.
Instead, you have to nurture your leads to get them prepared
for the commitment of purchasing.
And for a lot of years,
and those years, if you'll recall,
when I wasn't making any money and going deeper
and deeper into debt for a lot of years, I believed that
the only problem is that it's complete and total nonsense.
Let's start with this. Walk up to someone in a bar concept.
Here's the thing. When someone opts in for your email list
or visits your website
or follows you on social media, you're not approaching them.
They're approaching you even more significantly,
they're expressing interest in you.
If this metaphor were right, you wouldn't be walking up
to someone at a bar, they would be walking up to you.
Also, the decision to purchase a course
or a program is nothing like the commitment to get married.
We're not proposing that our customers spend the rest
of their lives Monogamously committed to us, if that's
what purchasing something was all about.
We think a lot harder before getting a new jacket.
Don't you think? Instead, it's like this.
It's getting chili outside
and you realize you need a new fall jacket.
So you head to your favorite store, Nordstrom,
let's say to pick one up.
You walk into the store, you walk past the shoe department,
good for you, and you head up to look at the jackets.
But just as you get there,
you're intercepted by a salesperson.
Now she's very nice,
but as soon as you start talking about jackets,
she directs you over to a couple of chairs to sit and chat.
She wants to tell you about all of the jackets, about
how much she loves jackets
and how much she knows about jackets
and what jackets are available.
And you keep trying to interrupt her,
trying to say, look, I get it.
I came here looking for a jacket, but she just keeps talking
and talking and talking,
and you finally realize
that she's not even gonna let you see the jackets
until she's done talking.
In fact, she tells you that you have to come back every day
for the next several days to chat with her
before she'll even let you see the jackets.
Suddenly, you are a lot less excited about
that jacket, aren't you?
The truth of the matter is
that people are most excited about us
and what we have to offer when they first encounter us.
And just as importantly, after that point, interest
and motivation begins to steadily decline,
which means that if we spend a week or two
or worse several weeks nurturing people
before giving them something to purchase
that will satisfy their wants, their interest
and excitement has spent all of that time decreasing,
and that's if they haven't already
gone somewhere else to purchase.
Now, this is not to say that if someone expresses interest
by following you
or opting in, that your immediate response
should be a sales page.
That would be like someone coming up to you
and saying, Hey, tell me more about what you do,
and you responding by shouting, buy this 900 product.
Your audience does need to be nurtured,
but they can be nurtured at the same time
that you're giving them a sales message.
If you want to sell as much as you can
and you're in business, so I assume you do, you need
to give them the chance to purchase when they are most
excited about you and what you do,
which is right when they first encounter you.
But you also need to combine that selling with nurturing
and building that relationship at the same time so
that they feel comfortable
and then compelled to buy from you.
The longer you make people wait,
the lesser the chance that they'll buy.
But also, if you throw a sales page at strangers,
they will run screaming.
When people opt into your list, you need
to simultaneously nurture them
and sell to them with the most compelling pieces
of content you have.
You need to give them a deadline to purchase,
but you also need to give them just the right amount of time
to acclimate to that purchase enough time
that any sticker shock has wor off enough time so
that they feel they've gotten adequate time to decide,
but not enough time
that their interest has started to wane.
Now, is that tricky? Yeah,
and that's why most people aren't doing it.
They haven't figured out how, which of course is
where the circuit sales system comes in.
Do you know how few businesses hit $1 million a year?
Much less the multimillion dollar mark?
I will tell you one thing, I would like
to see a whole lot more of them.
Now, what about the people who truly aren't ready
to buy right away?
Not the ones who are like, eh, I don't know, AKA.
The people we haven't marketed to effectively
or the, eh, it's too expensive people, a, k, a,
the people we haven't conveyed the value well enough to,
but the ones who will just never make a purchase within a
few days of encountering an offer,
because there are some people like that, right?
It's actually a much lower percentage than you would
predict, but there are some of them.
So do we just give up on them? No.
We build in opportunities to re excite them, reengage them,
and reinspire them with multiple tactics
all automatically.
When you do this right, a majority
of people will buy right away,
but we never give up on those that don't.
The key is that all of the nurturing
and re-engaging is done automatically.
So even if these are people who buy six months
or a year later instead of instantly, it's still just
as easy for us.
Okay, onto secret number three, how to sell like crazy
without giving away your best content
or your time at energy to non purchasers.
Now, a few years ago, I was interested in joining a new gym,
so I went in for a tour.
I actually used to work at a health club for my first couple
of years after college, so I'm always secretly excited
to see what their sales techniques are.
It's a very niche interest, I guess, but what can I say?
Anyway, part of the deal with this gym was
that they always had personal trainers on the floor
available to give tips or even impromptu 10
or 15 minute personal training sessions to the members.
Super cool. Great perk. Love the concept.
Here's the thing though.
Part of the gym selling process was also to give tips
and create many personal training plans
to get new people to join.
And the way that they made that happen was
by pulling personal trainers away from sessions
with current members to interact
with the prospective members as they came through on a tour.
As in, oh, are you in the middle
of a mini training session with a member?
Doesn't matter. Come here
and talk to this non-member instead,
effectively telling us all that the priority attention
and energy goes to the people who haven't yet
and might never pay.
And instead of the people who had their
possible perspective, non-paying audience was more important
to them than the people who had and were paying.
How insane is that? Now, needless to say, I did not join.
The problem though is that a lot
of business owners do the same thing.
They burn out their energy
and time on running challenges, creating free content
and doing live calls for people who haven't paid anything.
Here is an earth shattering statement.
Our best stuff, our best content, our best energy,
the majority of our time should go to the people who've paid
for it, not the people who haven't.
I mean, that makes sense, right?
Oh, but all the gurus say Give away your best stuff
and people will buy more.
What in any other industry,
they would get laughed out the door with that advice.
Does Apple go, Hey, here's a free iPhone.
That'll definitely make you buy a MacBook.
A grocery store doesn't go, Hey here, all
of our ice cream and pastries are free.
That'll definitely make you stock up
on steak and vegetables.
Do not give your best stuff to people who haven't paid you.
What message does that send to the people who have paid you?
Don't they deserve your best stuff,
and let's talk about teaching.
Oh, you have to teach like crazy.
You have to run webinars, you have to run challenges.
You have to teach them so that they get a win.
Then they'll wanna buy more. Oh, really?
Here's how that works out in real life,
and you've probably seen it for yourself.
When you give people a little win, one
of two things usually happens.
Either they take that free little win
and think, okay, that's it.
This is all I need, and they don't buy your offer
or they take that free little win
and then assume they can figure out the rest for themselves
and they don't buy your offer either way.
They don't buy
because here's the thing, teaching
doesn't get people clamoring to learn more.
Remember being back in school,
sitting at those little desks.
Was that how it worked when they taught you something?
Were you dying to learn more? No. Okay.
Well, what about in college where you actually chose
what you wanted to learn about?
Were you dying for more? No. Okay.
Well, what about courses that you've purchased?
Once you're in there in the course,
do you often find yourself dying to get to the next module?
No, because teaching learning doesn't make
people want to purchase.
Learning doesn't lead to buying breakthroughs, lead
to buying, completely changing
how people think about things,
cracking their minds open in the best possible way.
That's what builds trust in your expertise,
gets people wanting to hear more from you
and gets them to purchase.
Teaching is for within your course
or your program where you can guide them along
and encourage them and support them
to keep up with that learning.
Learning makes people go, huh? Interesting. Good to know.
Breakthroughs make people go, oh, wow.
They make people look at the world differently.
They give people hope
where they might have previously struggled,
and they make people dying to hear more from you.
And then when you combine those breakthroughs
with getting the timing and the structure
and the messaging right, and you automate it,
that's when your business gets a breakthrough.
Yeah, but I know there's always
stuff that comes up for us, right?
Yeah. But coaches
with big followings, pretty pictures.
Instagram reels with expensive bags
or cars say that you have to launch, teach, et cetera,
Uhhuh, you bet they do.
But I can also tell you that there are a lot
of coaches out there who don't actually have experience in
building a business outside
of selling a course on how to build a business.
A lot of people are regurgitating
what they've heard someone else say
and posting pretty pictures to back it up.
Now, believe me, I am not here to tell you
who you should listen to, but I can tell you
what really works and
what really doesn't, and hey, good for them.
Maybe it is working for them,
but if it's not working for you
and it hasn't worked for you yet, it's not just a matter
of time before it kicks in, it's not going
to suddenly change the systems
that you're implementing have to change.
Yeah, but I've heard that Evergreen doesn't convert ab.
Absolutely. Very true. And there are a few things here. Yes.
If you take Evergreen to mean a product is up on your site
and people can buy it at any time, then absolutely
that's not going to convert.
There's no urgency
and there's no context around why they should buy now,
but if you're talking about doing a full marketing strategy
on Evergreen, it's not the automation that's the problem.
There's nothing magical about doing something live
versus a recording.
The truth is that things don't convert
because the messaging is wrong.
It's not live versus recording.
Sometimes people can make up for that with sheer willpower
and enthusiasm and manic desperation on a live event,
but sooner
or later that messaging problem is going to catch up.
But also, yes, if you do automation the way
that most people do it, it's going to fall flat.
That is why we do it differently.
Yeah, but I've heard you have to live launch first
to refine your message.
Sure. Live launching can definitely help you refine your
message, but the problem is that most people don't know how
to refine their message after a live launch.
When a live launch converts at 6% in October
and 2% in April, most people don't know what
that means or what to do.
What if instead of all of that, you started out
by doing really focused market research, finding out exactly
what people want, what they're afraid of,
what's been holding them back, what they're secretly hoping
for before you start spending time and money on launches.
That's what we do in the CSS.
Yeah, but the big high level pros do live
launches definitely.
And if you are the definitive leader in your field so
that people are willing to wait six months
or a year to purchase from you,
then go ahead and keep live launching.
But if you're not, and I say this with so much love,
while you are preparing for your next launch,
your audience is buying the solution to their wants
and needs from your competitors.
Yeah, but my audience needs to see me live. Absolutely.
I am sure you are awesome live,
but I'm going to gently question whether they
need to see you live.
Instead, I'd counter that what they need is to see
that there's a live person behind your offerings.
They need to understand your expertise.
They need to understand why yours is the very best offering
for them, and they need to understand why the best time
for them to purchase is right now.
Those are the things that really drive sales,
not you being live.
Yeah, but I love doing my live launches Great.
I am not here to take away anything that you love.
In fact, there are ways
to incorporate live pieces into your
circuit if you really want to.
However, I'm wondering if maybe you might have
just as much fun putting your sales
and marketing on autopilot and dedicating all of that energy
and enthusiasm to helping your paid customers
and clients meet their goals.
And I, I know I know you do that already,
but imagine how much more successful they could be if you
didn't have to take attention away from them for the sake
of live launches or events or challenges
or bootcamps or any of that stuff.
Again, you could do it if you really want to as part
of your circuit, but imagine how much more energy you'd have
for the people who've paid you.
I really would encourage you to take a moment to imagine it.
What would your business
and your life look like if instead
of stressing about launches,
worrying about low evergreen sales
and constantly trying out the newest digital marketing trend
to try to find something that sticks?
What if instead of all of that,
what if you had one system in place that did all
of the work for you?
One system that once people enter it,
they get the right messaging at the right time
all automatically, and they stay in until they purchase.
While each and every one of them gets the experience
of exciting launches and events, you get to sit back
and relax because it's all happening automatically.
You get to put your attention on your paid customers
and clients watching sales come in regularly each
and every day, even multiple times a day.
What would it mean for your business
and your life to have a sale or two or three
or four coming in
every day automatically without you lifting a finger?
Really, if you've never played with these numbers
before, grab a calculator and take a look.
If it sounds like a dream come true as a business owner
who went from $40,000 to 1.6 million in two years
and much more since then, I can tell you
that without a doubt, it is a dream come true,
but it is also a dream that is 100%
possible in real life.
Here's the thing though, everything
that we've covered here is just the tip of the iceberg.
I mean, there's a lot more
to building a seven figure sales machine than I could
possibly include in an hour, right?
To make all of this work for your business, you still need
to know how to both sell
and nurture at the same time so
that you don't waste their valuable excitement,
but you also don't hit them
with a sales message that turns them off.
You need to know how to use breakthroughs.
Instead of teaching to cement your expertise,
excite them with the possibilities
and get your audience craving to purchase from you.
You need to know how to create deadlines so
that there's an urgency
to purchase while still giving them time to acclimate,
to making the purchase so
that they don't just default to know.
You need to know how to craft messaging that connects
so deeply with your target audience
that they feel like you understand them
and their needs better than anyone else.
You need to know how to structure automation so
that it's clear and easy for you, but also feels fresh, new
and live for your audience.
You need to know how to continually sell on autopilot so
that no subscriber is a lost cause if they
don't purchase right away.
And you need to know how to layer in additional
optional elements like automated challenges, upsells,
downsells, and even yes, sales calls
and live events if you want them to make your circuit
completely personalized to you and your business.
And yes, it's true that it has taken me years
to perfect the system that I use to turn my course,
the Comprehensive Copywriting Academy into a multi seven
figure per year business.
It is not something
that anyone can just figure out on their own,
and that's why I created the circuit sales system.
This is the system
that incorporates everything we've talked about
today and more.
This is the system that will power up your messaging,
energize your audience,
and electrify your sales all automatically.
The Circuit sales system is a complete sales
and messaging system that creates genuine connections
with your brand and drive sales every single
day on autopilot.
Build it, well build it once and then just flip it on.
It's powered by proven psychological principles
to give them the right offer at the right
time in the right way.
This is the exact system I used to 40 x my business
and that I'm now teaching to other entrepreneurs too.
And actually it's even better.
It's the exact system plus the refinements improvements
and enhancements we've developed to make it even
more effective since it kicked us into seven figures.
It's called the Circuit Sales System
because it's an automated closed loop
of crazy effective sales and marketing.
It's the system that powers your successful
scaling business.
All you have to do is create yours and flip it on.
Now, here's what the circuit sales system includes.
There are 17 self-paced Info Pact,
multi-video modules,
but like nobody cares about the number of modules, right?
Here's the crux of what you're going
to get in the CSS program.
The building blocks a system that runs on its own
and generates multiple sales a day,
probably has a lot of moving pieces, right?
It certainly does, but we break down each
and every one with clear principles, guidance,
and examples to make them easy to understand
and easy to create.
You are about to get an in-Depth master course in our unique
take on video content, email copy, sales page creation,
opt-in page optimization, market research, testing,
and a whole lot more.
The system. Now,
once you've got your building blocks created step by step,
my friend, you are going to learn exactly how
to structure the circuit that works best for your audience,
your offer, and your business goals.
Now, remember, the system runs automatically.
So we are gonna structure it so that it works seamlessly
for you, and both nurtures
and sells to your target audience at exactly the right times
and exactly the right ways.
And once you've got it put together correctly,
the way you'll learn in the course, it's just a matter
of turning it on the enhancements.
Now, no two businesses are the same,
and no circuit needs to be the same either.
Once you learn and create your standard circuit,
which is the system I use to 40 x my business,
you'll discover all of the enhancements
and personalizations that you can add
to make it even more effective.
We're gonna dig into automated challenges, upsells,
downsells, promotions, sales calls,
abandoned card opportunities, email remarketing,
even live events, and much more.
Now, they're all optional,
but they also all give you plenty of room
to flex your creativity
and let your unique business shine,
break through messaging.
Even if you think you already know how to talk
to your audience, and especially if you're a little iffy on
it, this is going to be a breakthrough for you.
We're going to dig deep into what your audience truly wants
and needs to hear to be compelled
to follow you and make the purchase.
And we're gonna break it all down step by step.
Many of our students have let us know
that the biggest surprise for them in this program was just
how different our messaging work is from anything else
they've encountered and how it's gotten them to connect
with their audience in a whole new way.
Hey, I've been a copywriter for 20 years.
You didn't think you were getting into this course
and not get a masterclass in writing wildly effective
messaging and not
get a masterclass in psychological principles
that we use to create it, did you?
Of course not. It's all in there.
Writeable worksheets and Google Doc templates.
Now, I am not going to sugarcoat this.
It takes a decent amount of work
to put together an automated multimillion dollar revenue
machine, as you would probably expect,
but at the same time, I wanted to try to make this as easy
for you as possible.
So we have created worksheets for each step in the process
to keep you focused and keep you making progress.
And by the way, when it comes
to assembling the larger elements of your circuit,
like your video and your sales page, well,
it's little more than just a matter
of combining the smaller elements from worksheets you have
already completed.
You know what the easiest way to complete a big project is?
Make it a bunch of smaller, much more manageable tasks.
In a nutshell, the CSS is powered
by proven psychological principles
to always give your audience the right offer at the right
time, in the right way on autopilot, automated.
And because no, not every one
of your prospects is gonna buy right away.
It has built in automated additional sales sequences
that mimic the excitement
of a live launch without you ever having to live launch
ever again.
Once your audience enters your circuit,
everything happens on autopilot.
This system is how you truly make sales while you sleep.
And with a proven system in place, you can continue
to scale up until you reach the revenue level that you want.
Six figures, absolutely seven figures. I've done it.
And you can too. Eight figures. Why the heck not?
Now, value's always a tricky thing, right?
Technically, the value
of this program in my business has been multiple millions
of dollars, and that's just the money I've made
so far over the course of the business,
not even including additional future brands
that will use the circuit sales system to sell.
It will represent dozens of millions of dollars,
maybe even a hundred million depending on
how long I wanna keep working.
And obviously it could have that same outcome for you,
but I know when we start talking in the multiple eight
figures, it gets hard
to wrap our minds around those kinds of numbers.
So let's look at the value
of the program a little bit more functionally
and put that value at $25,000.
I've spent that for a year long mastermind in the past,
and I've gotten less practical business building out of it.
So that still might be undervaluing,
but let's just put a stake in the ground right there.
So Circuit sales system itself
is valued at $25,000.
Now here's the thing. This is a program
and system unlike anything you've encountered before,
and you're going to learn to examine your offers
and talk about them in ways that you never have before.
So you're going to have questions, honestly,
I'd be really concerned if you didn't,
and you're going to want feedback on
everything you're working on.
So we've built that in your circuit sales system.
Purchase includes twice monthly live q
and a coaching for six months.
Can't make it live, no problem.
Send in your question and then watch the recording.
Now you know that messaging is crucially important
to your business, and I'll be honest, we'll be doing a lot
of messaging work within the circuit sales system,
and won't it be nice to finally be sure
that you are doing it right,
but you are not writing on your own, not by a long shot,
because you also get six months access
to the CSS only Facebook group.
And yes, that means you'll have a community of your peers
for questions, but what that also means is
that you get access
to our specially trained CSS copywriting experts in the
group Monday through Friday, answering your questions
and giving you feedback on your messaging.
They're already expert copywriters
and we've worked with them very, very closely
to make them circuit sales system experts too.
So yes, that means you've got access
to specially trained expert copywriters reviewing your work
and offering suggestions as part of the program.
And very importantly, you also need to know
that your purchase gives you lifetime access to the course,
including any and all additions we make.
Our team is constantly testing out new features
and enhancements to the circuits on our brand,
and when we find new things that work,
we add them to the program.
Okay, so let's add these on
the circuit sales system course is worth $25,000.
And to get live direct coaching
and feedback from me, whether one or on one
or in a group, I charge a minimum
of a thousand dollars an hour.
I mean, you know, 20 years of experience
as a professional copywriter
to multi-billion dollar companies,
plus experience building a multiple seven figure business,
it has its perks.
So twice monthly coaching calls for six months is a value
of $12,000.
And our Facebook group
with direct access from our specially trained copywriters
Monday through Friday, that's at least 120 days
of feedback from experts in not just copy,
but also the circuit sales system.
So we are looking at a value of
at least $9,500
and the lifetime access to the course,
including any additions and new trainings.
Well, again, it's, it's hard to put a value on that.
A new enhancement or testing recommendation
to your circuit might make you $5,000,
or it might make you $500,000.
So let's just keep it simple
and go with, well, frankly, invaluable.
So the total value we're looking at is
the circuit sales system course, a value of $25,000,
twice monthly coaching calls for six months, a value
of $12,000.
The Facebook group with copywriting experts for six months,
a value of $9,500
and lifetime access to the course,
including all updates, invaluable.
And the total value of that comes to
$46,500.
So lemme just turn this around for a second
and ask you a question.
If your business was making consistent, predictable sales
to people who love your work
and rave about you to everyone who listened, what would be
the value of that to you?
If you were making a sale a day or two
or three sales a day, um, FYI,
our highest sales day was actually 19 a day.
Would that be worth investing?
$46,500 just once
investing $46,500 once to get
that outcome indefinitely?
Basically, as long as you want it to be in business.
And I can tell you that if you're not there yet,
there will come a time in your business when making a
$46,500 investment won't be
that big of a deal at all.
But today does not have to be that day.
Instead of paying $46,500,
the full cost of the program
is just $4,497,
or at least that's the standard enrollment price.
But because you've been on this training with me
and you've made it this far,
so you're clearly serious about your business,
your customers, and your life, I wanted
to make this even more
of a no-brainer for you to get started.
So if you invest right now, I'm going
to give you a very special, very limited offer.
Instead of the standard price of $4,497,
you can get started today
for just $1,197.
You can choose the pay in full price of 2,997
or the three month payment plan
and get started for just 1,197 today.
That's a savings of as much as
$1,500 off of the normal price.
And please know, once this offer is gone,
it will not come back.
Truly never, never, ever see that clock there.
You will have the opportunity to purchase in the future
for the regular enrollment price.
But why pay $1,500 more just
to have a few more days to thank?
And except for this one time discount, we do not run sales.
So you can believe me when I say
that you will never see this price again
after this fast action period ends.
Now let me help put this in some perspective for you.
Let's say with the circuit sales system, you build a circuit
that sells your offer for you automatically
every single day.
And let's say for the sake of an example
that you have a $500 program.
Now, obviously these are just example numbers.
We can't make any income guarantees since we can give you
all of the information, all of the steps
and all of the support, but it's up
to you to take action on it.
But for the sake of an example, let's say,
let's say you have a $500 product
and you get your circuit up and going,
and you're just starting to send traffic to it.
So you make one sale a day, well,
one sale a day automated without you having to do a thing.
One sale for a month is $15,000, give
or take a day, you know, June versus July.
So in just one month,
you will have made $15,000,
$15,000 divided by 2,997 is about five.
In just one month, you will have made back this investment
five times over.
Or what if you crank it up a bit?
Maybe you dabble in some ads, maybe you do some outreach,
maybe you do some special social media
and you send traffic to your circuit so
that you're making four sales a day, again, as a reminder,
completely, automatically, entirely hands off for you.
Well, that would be $60,000 in a month.
$60,000 divided
by 2,997 is about 20.
You will have made back this investment
20 times over in just one month.
And by the way, in case you don't have a calculator handy,
a year of $60,000 months
is $720,000.
And by no means would you have to stop there.
Plus that's only one program.
If you're like me, once you get a taste of
how powerful this system is, you will want to create more
all of that for just $2,997
or even just 1,197 today.
Now, I have some questions that I wanna make sure I answer,
but before I do, I have a few things to share
with you from previous CSS students.
Stacy Tsel, a multi seven figure business coach
and business owner and systems expert says
Nikki is the go-to authority for automated selling.
The truth is that launching just isn't sustainable.
And if you really want to have a successful business,
you need to be able to sell every day.
Nikki provides an in-depth,
but easy to follow system to actually make that happen.
I can't think of a business
that wouldn't get tremendous
benefits from learning from her.
Thanks, Stacy. Helen said it's a way to build your business,
to give yourself the space
and energy you need to serve
your audience, but also have a life.
100% go for it.
Nikki's support and her team as well as there.
And it's just exactly what you need.
Lisa said, I was surprised at how much value it was
and how valuable it was to me,
and a lot of people are charging
$20,000 for this kind of support.
Now I have something that works.
I probably tripled my ROI already,
and I'm not even finished with the circuit yet.
Megan says, biggest skeptic turned, massive believer.
I feel very confident I'm going
to more than double my conversion.
This is going to be an investment that will pay
for itself tenfold month after month after month.
And Abby says, I've tried other programs before
and I did not necessarily see the change
my business monetarily.
CSS is that blueprint you've been looking for.
If you have been looking for something
to give you the true steps and the legit wording
and the questions to ask, this one will.
This program does so fantastic.
Uh, and let me give you a few sneak peeks into our student
only Facebook group.
Julie said, circuit went live last week.
Crickets, because I didn't promote it. Yeah, makes sense.
Started ads at 5:00 PM today
to drive traffic within six hours, five opt-ins,
two emails from very interested leads
and one sale that's amazing with the upsell.
Feeling excited as Nikki Kza said this stuff is good.
Emma says, I decided to soft launch my circuit
with just a little section of my newsletter on Tuesday.
Had 10 people in opt-in head and have already sold two.
So all kinds of exciting,
exciting wins in the student group.
Betsy said, I got my first sale for my circuit today.
It took 24 people through and two weeks of ad spend.
My offer is 4,997, so a higher price point.
So I'm super pumped.
It worked so quickly, celebrating a lot tonight.
Krista says, I'm just here to say again
how happy I am with this system.
My fast action converts, my full price converts
and my down sell converts.
So, so happy and grateful for this program
to help make things click for me and my business.
Tammy says, update to the post at the bottom.
Drum roll please. My circuit is up and running
after three months of working on it.
And even more exciting is
that aside from putting the link on my social media bios,
YouTube video descriptions on my website,
I haven't done anything to draw people in.
And I already have a few people going through the circuit
and just got my first sale.
And her update is one week
after the very soft launch of my circuit,
meaning only quietly planting the link in a few places.
I had 16 opt-ins
and two purchases with a 12.5% conversion rate.
Gulp, I'm gonna assume that's a happy gulp.
Tammy and Lucre said, eek, my first sale came in today
and that was an almost a $3,000 sale.
Adam says, so far I've spent about $600
and we have at least four confirmed $997 sales.
So this is just a little update that she was talking about
how he was running ads to his circuit
and clearly it's working very, very well for him.
And then I just had to show you this text
that Natalie from the beginning of the video sent me.
She says, sure thing 45 sales in my first week.
And of course I responded with Shut the front door.
That's awesome. And then she updated me
to let me know also 40 CSS sales
so far the last three days.
Pretty amazing. Right?
And then to finish up, just a quick note from Karina Gardner
who is a design course instructor and a design expert.
Our sales this year are up by 50%.
And so it's huge.
We always get CSS sales every single month. Oh my gosh.
The results have been insane.
We actually, at the date of doing this,
we just had our best week ever financially in sales,
like I mean by a long shot.
And a lot of that was due to CSS. This
Will be, uh, a seven figure year for you, right?
Oh yes. Easily. We actually are hoping
to have a multiple seven figure year. So yeah,
Helpful, right?
Okay. Now let's dig into some questions.
The first big one is, do I need
to have finished creating my course
or my program to join CSS?
So do you need to be absolutely, completely done
with your course or your program?
No, as long as you're clear on what you're going
to include in your program, you don't need
to have finished building it.
You can start building out the sales elements now so
that you're either ready to hit the ground running
and make sales right away when you finish it.
Or you can start selling it while you're finishing it
and deliver it to your first several purchasers
as you complete it.
And talk about accountability.
Having purchasers ready to consume your program
can be a very effective way to get yourself to finish it.
So if you're not done creating your course yet, don't worry.
You can still get started with CSS right now
and it can even help you complete your course.
What software do I need? Now?
You probably already have a lot of the software you'll need.
You'll need a landing page software. Mm-Hmm.
You'll need email software
and you'll need recording software
and Zoom will do just fine.
Which again, you probably already have.
Now you will need payment processing software like Stripe
or PayPal to actually sell of course.
But again, you likely already have that.
Um, you will also need
to use a software called Deadline Funnel,
which is at a very reasonable price, especially for
what it'll help us do for your revenue.
Very reasonable. Next question.
Will this work for courses coaching programs,
products, memberships?
The CSS definitely works for courses group coaching
and other information products like that.
But there's also no reason that it couldn't work
for physical products masterminds and other offerings.
Um, I will say that if you offer a membership, it is likely
that you'll want to make your initial offer
for like six months of access or something like that
and then continue them on with monthly payments.
Um, previous CSS students
who have had memberships have decided to do that
and it made a lot of sense and worked very well for them.
Next question. Will we get feedback on our messaging?
Abso freaking Absolutely.
You'll get access to twice monthly coaching and q
and a calls for six months so that my team
and I can answer all of your questions as well
as give direct feedback on what you're working on.
You are never in this alone.
You'll also get six months access to our Facebook group
where you can workshop your work with other business owners
who are just as invested in the CSS program as you are.
Do I need to spend money on ads? No, you don't need to.
You can and should send all
of your organic traffic into your circuit.
There should not be anyone who doesn't get directed into it.
At the same time though, you'll be able
to accelerate your growth faster
by incorporating paid traffic.
If you decide you wanna give it a try.
Will have a list of trusted agencies you could work with
who know the CSS inside and out.
But no pressure. Do I need
to do the tech myself?
No. We will tell you what you need to build,
which actually isn't that complicated anyway, by the way.
And you can easily hire someone to do the tech work for you.
We'll also have a list of resources that you can reach out
to and potentially hire to do the tech work for you.
But we're not the middleman.
We're just giving you the list so you can reach out.
How long will it take to build my circuit now?
Great question. As you could probably guess,
this depends a lot on you and your other time commitments.
Obviously the more time you have to dedicate to it,
the faster you will have it done.
If you are going in laser focused
and making it your top priority,
you could have it done in a matter of weeks.
Uh, if you don't quite have that kind of time
and you have say a few hours to dedicate to it a week,
you could have it done in a couple of months.
It really comes down to
how much time you're able to set aside.
What I will say though is this,
even if you only have a few hours a week to give to it
and three months feels like a long time from now,
three months is gonna pass no matter what.
You could either be three months older
or three months older with a functioning
wildly effective circuit.
Can I customize my circuit? Yes. Yes. And yes.
We will teach you the basic framework
and all the messaging principles and techniques to use,
but then we will also teach you how
to layer other tactics on top of it.
Love your challenges. Great.
We can layer that on think sales calls,
put you over the top, no problem.
You can use them to enhance your results.
Wanna offer special promotions
and events throughout the year?
We do that too. And we will show you how
I Really wanna keep using challenges,
sales calls, et cetera.
Can they work with the system? Yes.
I am going to show you exactly how
to layer on marketing tactics like sales calls
and challenges if you want to use them, including
how this can work with live launching.
If you don't wanna give it up completely.
Is this really the only time I'll see this
fast action price?
Yes. This really is the only time you will see this fast
action price and it is the lowest price you will
ever see for this program.
Ever after this opportunity is gone,
you won't ever see a sale or a discount.
Um, which we really we do on principle.
We never want people to regret purchasing
because they see a better price later.
And we never want people
to put off getting started just in case
a coupon code comes along.
So no sales or no discounts ever.
You will get another chance
to invest at the standard price in a bit,
but why pay $1,500 more just for a few more days to decide?
What if I need to learn something that isn't
yet covered in the CSS?
Such a good question. As long
as it's something within our purview.
Like for example, Pinterest ads aren't in our wheelhouse
and so we're not gonna teach it.
But as long as it's something to do
with maximizing your circuit, we'll add it.
We are constantly testing new ideas and tweaks
and when they work, we add them to the course.
And don't forget that you get lifetime access
to the course videos and worksheets,
including anything new that we add.
What makes the circuit sales system different
from other programs?
An excellent question.
I think the first thing that you need to know is none
of this is based on theory or guessing.
This is literally the system that I personally developed
to 40 x my business and
because I personally developed it,
you won't find it anywhere else.
This isn't one of those situations
of someone learning something from someone else
and then deciding to create a course and teach it.
Um, though, you know, no offense to those people,
but it's also not something that only works
for me and my business.
Before I even began selling it to the wider world,
I developed a beta program to teach it to a small group
of business owners in all kinds of different industries.
And yes, it worked for them too.
And as a reminder, I have used the system
to build my other brands, my copywriting training course
and my freelancer training course.
Now, not to throw shade on anyone,
but my business building experience isn't just building a
business selling courses and how to build a business.
It's because my other brands have been so successful
because my entrepreneur friends ask me to teach this system
that you're watching this today.
And then in addition to that,
I can't separate my background from what I teach.
I've been a professional copywriter
and marketer for 20 years.
And no, that doesn't mean that you have
to be a professional copywriter and marketer.
What it means is that you get the benefit of my 20 years
of experience plus my 10 years of teaching
and coaching, 9,000 plus students in our other courses.
What it comes down to is this, my team
and I are deeply, deeply invested in you becoming exactly
as wildly successful as you want to be.
I mean, why be in business otherwise?
I want you to experience the freedom and the joy
and yes, the relief of watching those sales roll in day
after day, watching your bank account grow day after day
and meeting new customers and clients day
after day who are thrilled to have purchased your offer.
That is true success and that is what I want for you.
And let me cover a couple more of those. Yeah, buts.
'cause I know there might still be some in your head.
Yeah, but my program is live. I need to live launch.
I am going to gently
and lovingly challenge you on this one a little bit.
A lot of people have believed that their program had
to be live until they stopped
and explored the possibilities.
Could you instead make your program self-paced so
that people have the freedom to go through it at a timing
and at a pace that works for them instead
of making them adhere to your schedule?
And could any live coaching that you do still be live,
but answer questions from people at all stages
of the journey, thereby giving them insight
and inspiration for what's coming up
or valuable reminders of what they might've learned.
But let's slip their minds.
It's your business, so it's up to you.
But I know a lot of business owners who've been adamant
that their programs had to be live
until they started thinking about it in a different way.
Yeah, but my challenge converts so Well, great.
Good for you and definitely check your own numbers,
but I would be willing to bet that it converts best
for your warm audience, people who are already familiar
with you, which is great
because you can still use that challenge, automate even
with live on pages
and get the same benefits
and excitement by delivering it
to your warm audience within your circuit automatically.
Yeah, but I need to incorporate sales calls. No problem.
We actually talk about exactly how to make this work,
the timing, the systems calendar stipulations within
your automated circuit.
Now to be clear, you can have your hyper effective automated
circuit and still use sales calls if you even find
that you still need them at all.
Yeah, but I've already done so much work,
I don't wanna change it.
Yeah, I get it. When you have already put in
so much work on your challenges or your SLO or your funnels
or whatever, it's hard to let them go.
You're already so invested in what you're doing,
even if it's not working.
There's actually a term for this
because it's a problem
that our human minds grapple with so often.
It's called a sunk cost fallacy.
And it means that we have a tendency to keep doing something
because we've invested time, money, and or energy into it.
Even when it's not working,
spending more time doing something that isn't working
doesn't mean it's going to start working.
It just means that you'll have wasted more time
before finding what does work?
If you were in the desert digging a well for water
and there's just no water down there, would you keep digging
because you've already dug so far?
Of course not. You need water to survive.
You'd find a new spot to dig in
or in this case, come over to where I'm standing
with my overflowing well, where I'm telling you,
Hey, dig here for water.
It's right down here. Yeah,
but it's not the right time for me to get started.
I get that we are business owners and we're busy,
but first we're talking about revenue here.
If your business isn't making consistent revenue, then all
of the other tasks we have have to come second.
If we're not bringing in money, we don't have a business,
or if we're not bringing in enough money,
we're not gonna be in business for much longer.
Revenue has to be your top priority.
And second, okay,
let's say you stumbled onto this at a time when
your schedule is packed.
You absolutely can't get started at this moment.
Well, don't forget
that you have lifetime access to the program.
So it's there whenever you're ready to get started
and your six month access to coaching calls
and the Facebook group will still give you plenty of time
and plenty of support even if you can't dig in
at this exact moment.
But the fast action price is only available while
that clock still has time on it, you won't see it again.
You'll get the chance to purchase again,
but only ever at the full price, which by the way,
is still heavily discounted from the value.
But I digress. My point is that you don't have to be ready
to start right now.
You just have to be ready to save $1,500.
Now I have one more thought for you before I let you go.
All of this really comes down to two choices.
Choice one is to keep doing what you're doing.
And no, I don't know you personally yet,
but if you're like the vast, vast majority
of business owners, you're struggling
to find some consistency in your business.
You started your business to experience more freedom,
but instead, you're working long hours,
you're waking up in the middle of the night,
you're trying all of the latest marketing techniques,
the gurus tell you everybody's doing only
to watch them fall flat.
And the problem is, all of that is just going to get worse
until you decide to make a change.
Or as for so many people, it just gets worse until you have
to give up and throw in the towel on your business.
But choice two, choice two
is to make success a priority, to
absolutely completely commit to it, to decide to make
that change and try a new approach to learn a new way
of selling that puts your customer's needs and wants first,
and at the same time makes your life and your schedule
and your income so much more stable, predictable,
and yes, scalable.
The choice is between continuing to struggle
or choosing to take control of your business,
your income, and your success.
So click that link right there
and I will see you on the other side.
I can't wait to start working with you.